Document all Networking and network adjancent console variables and settings (#1569)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/networking/settings.md

| sv_BadConnectionThreshold          | The loss percentage beyond which we consider our network bad                              | 0.25    ||
| sv_ClientReplicationWindowUpdateMs | Rate for replication window updates                                                       | 300 ms  ||               
| sv_ClientAwarenessRadius           | The maximum distance entities can be from the client and still be relevant.               | 500.0   ||

### Rewind Settings
| Setting                        | Description                                                                     | Default | Notes |
|--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|-------|
| sv_RewindVolumeExtrudeDistance | The amount to increase rewind volume checks to account for fast moving entities | 50      |       |

### Editor Server Settings
Settings to control how a server should be launched during the "play-in-editor" mode.

| Setting               | Description                              | Default   | Notes |
|-----------------------|------------------------------------------|-----------|-------|

> | editorsv_port         |                                          | 33450     |       | 

Reviewer: The server port the Editor will connect to when entering play-mode. Only valid when editorsv_enabled is true.

Author: Added

> | editorsv_serveraddr   | The address of the server to connect to. | LocalHost |       |

Reviewer: The address of the server the Editor will connect to when entering play-mode. Only valid when editorsv_enabled is true.

Author: Added

> | editorsv_process      |                                          | ""        |       |

Reviewer: The file path to your project’s ServerLauncher. If editorsv_launch is true, the Editor will attempt to launch its own server when entering game mode. By default it looks for the ServerLauncher.exe inside the same folder where Editor.exe lives; editorsv_process overrides that path.

Author: Added

> | editorsv_rhi_override |                                          | ""        | 

Reviewer: If editorsv_launch is true the editor will launch its own server. By default it’ll launch the server using the same render hardware interface (rhi). For example, if the editor is using DX12, then the new server will be launched using DX12. Likewise, if the Editor is running tests in headless mode with rhi=null, the server launcher will also be headless. Editorsv_rhi_override can be used to override the rhi. It is common for developers who don’t need to see the Editor’s server graphics to use editorsv_rhi_override=null.

Author: Added

> | editorsv_enabled      |                                          | False     ||

Reviewer: If true the Editor will attempt to connect to a Multiplayer server upon entering game mode (CTRL+G)

Author: Added

> | editorsv_hidden       |                                          | False     || 

Reviewer: If editorsv_launch is true, the Editor will automatically launch a sever upon entering game mode. Set editorsv_hidden to true if you want the launched server to be started as a background process without any visible window. This is different from editorsv_rhi_override=null, as that will start open a window, albeit without graphics. With editorsv_hidden, there will be no window.

> | editorsv_launch       |                                          | True      ||

Reviewer: Set true if you want the Editor to automatically launch its own server upon entering game mode (CTRL+G). Only applies if editorsv_enabled is also true. Likewise, set to false if you’ve already opened your own Editor-Server. 
Note: if starting your own editor-server remember to set editorsv_isDedicated cvar to true.

Author: Added an abbreviated version of this.

---
title: Networking And Multiplayer Settings
description: A reference for console variables and other settings that can be used on clients and servers to configure networking and multiplayer.

> linktitle: Auto-packets

Author: Nice catch.

---

## Overview

> This page documents console variables (CVars) and settings for AzNetworking and Multiplayer behaviour.

Reviewer 2: Unresolving this conversation because this wasn't changed. Oversight? Or do you disagree?

## Client settings
| Setting                | Description                                                                                                                                                                            | Default   | Notes |
|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-------|

> | cl_clientport          | The port to bind to for game traffic when connecting to a remote host, a value of 0 will select any available port                                                                     | 0         |       |

Reviewer 2: All descriptions should use sentence punctuation, i.e. end with a period (".").

Author: Will fix.

> | cl_clientport          | The port to bind to for game traffic when connecting to a remote host, a value of 0 will select any available port.                                                                     | 0         |       |

Reviewer 3: It may be useful to add a quick note somewhere on cl_ sv_ bg_ prefixes somewhere as well.

Author: To me that should go on a the general cvar page: https://www.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/appendix/cvars/

| cl_PredictiveStateHistorySize  | Controls how many inputs of predictive state should be retained for debugging desyncs.            | 120     | Non-release builds only |

## Server settings
| Setting                 | Description                                                                          | Default | Notes |
|-------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|-------|
| sv_map                  | The map the server should load.                                                      | None    |       |
| sv_port                 | The port that this multiplayer gem will bind to for game traffic.                    | 33450   |       |
| sv_portRange            | The range of ports the host will incrementally attempt to bind to when initializing. | 999     |       |
| sv_protocol             | This flag controls whether we use TCP or UDP for game networking.                    | Udp     ||
| sv_DedicatedCPUPercent  | Target CPU usage when running as a dedicated server.                                 | 0       |       |

> | sv_DedicatedCPUVariance | How much the CPU can vary from `sv_DedicateCPU`.                                     | 10      |       |

Author: Good catch, let me track it down

> | sv_DedicatedCPUVariance | How much the CPU can vary from `sv_DedicateCPU`.                                     | 10      |       |

Author: Fixed.

| bg_RewindOrientationTolerance                       | Don't sync the physx entity if the square of delta orientation is less than this value. | 0.001   ||

## Networking settings
These settings control networking behavior.

### AzNetworking layer
| Setting                             | Description                                                                                                                         | Default         | Notes                |
|-------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|----------------------|
| net_maxPacketTrackTimeMs            | Maximum time to track any particular packetid before giving up.                                                                     | 2000            |                      |
| net_rttIncreaseOnPacketLoss         | Scalar amount to increase round trip time estimates by on packet loss.                                                              | 1.2             |                      |

> | net_TcpCompressor                   | TCP compressor to use. \ WARN: similar to encryption this needs to be set once and only once before creating the network interfac.  | None            |                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| net_TcpCompressor                   | TCP compressor to use. WARNING: Similar to encryption this needs to be set once and only once before creating the network interface.  | None            |                      |
```

|--------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|-------|
| net_SslCertCiphers             | The cipher suite to use when using cert based key exchange.                                                          | ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 ||
| net_SslExternalCertificateFile | The filename of the EXTERNAL (server to client) certificate chain in PEM format.                                     | ""                          ||
| net_SslExternalContextPassword | The password required for the EXTERNAL (server to client) private certificate.                                       | ""                          ||
| net_SslExternalPrivateKeyFile  | The filename of the EXTERNAL (server to client) private key file in PEM format.                                      | ""                          ||
| net_SslInternalCertificateFile | The filename of the INTERNAL (server to server only) certificate chain in PEM format.                                | ""                          ||

> | net_SslInternalContextPassword | "The password required for the INTERNAL (server to server only) private certificate.                                 | ""                          ||

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| net_SslInternalContextPassword | The password required for the INTERNAL (server to server only) private certificate.                                 | ""                          ||
```
